content/collections/pages/home.md, before:

---
id: home
blueprint: pages
title: Home
template: home
history_of_agpur:
  -
    type: paragraph
    content:
      -
        type: text
        text: 'ArgentPur started as a minimalist assault on the requirements of audio signal transmission.'
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: text
        text: 'Pure silver (Ag) has a 106% conductivity compared to the maximum theoretical transmission of copper at a technically defined 100%. So even umpteen-nines Cu can''t remotely approach pure silver. The market is flooded with silver plated copper conductors. To many, these have compromised qualities that limit top octave clarity, coherence, and may lead some to describe them as "bright," "etched," or having "glare". Pure silver has no such compromises, and indeed has NO SOUND of its own.'
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: text
        text: 'In order of preference, the available media for the Ag conductors to rest within are: a vacuum (rather impractical), air, and then the low dielectric effect insulative barriers when necessary. The best of these are arguably the fluorocarbons.'
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: text
        text: "To minimize dielectric effect further, each individual\_ Ag strand used in ArgentPur is manually threaded through its own fluorocarbon tube that is 5-10x larger so that contact between the Ag conductor strand and its protective carrier is dramatically reduced by this roomy air space. Capacitance and inductance are thus minimized, with the benefit of no \"signal-hopping\" destructive interference across the frequency spectra. (See Core Technologies below.)"
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: text
        text: 'Premium low-mass, silver-plated tellurium-infused non-metallic RCAs are used for the single-ended designs. WBT0152AG locking RCAs are available for Pro or studio use at no extra cost.'
  -
    type: paragraph
    content:
      -
        type: text
        text: "\_A wonderful Ag/Teflon XLR is used for the balanced designs. Neutrik silver-plated locking connectors are also available for Pro or studio use, again, at no extra cost."
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: text
        text: 'Speaker cables are terminated in very burly Ag-plated spades and Ag-plated banana plugs for complete continuity of Ag conductivity.'
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: text
        text: 'NO lower-conductivity rhodium, gold, nickel, nor copper surfaces are in the signal paths! Only 105.9995% transmission pure Ag!'
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: text
        text: 'NO other hefty cheap "fillers" like PE or PVC are used to add unnecessary weight nor girth in marketing ruses to enhance gravitas. Pure Ag cascading through air-filled Teflon to Ag-tipped connectors!'
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: text
        text: 'NO performance claims are made differentiating among the AgPur Speaker Cable iterations, as load sensitivity and length requirements should guide Ag AWG mass selection among the four models. How refreshing!'
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: text
        text: "NO CABLE! The sound and raison d'etre for ArgentPur!"
updated_by: a00f84a2-73c3-4b20-bc6b-8ff14df49968
updated_at: 1671745447
hero_image: hero.png
pricing_header: 'Custom Orders, Returns, Demo Policy'
returns_policy:
  -
    type: paragraph
    content:
      -
        type: text
        text: 'Standard ArgentPur constructions for Speaker Cables are 2.5M length, terminated with premium bananas AND spades. Standard Interconnects are 1M length.'
  -
    type: paragraph
    content:
      -
        type: text
        text: 'These standard constructions may be returned within a 30 day demo period for full refund less shipping costs.'
  -
    type: paragraph
    content:
      -
        type: text
        text: "All orders for other lengths or non-standard terminations (all bananas or all spades, or others' connectors, for example), are considered custom-made orders, so are not refundable."
  -
    type: paragraph
    content:
      -
        type: text
        text: 'Speaker Cables returned for exchanging terminations after delivery will incur a modest charge for new connectors and remanufacturing labor.'
  -
    type: paragraph
    content:
      -
        type: text
        text: 'AgPur Flyovers are also 2.5M standard length, but terminated with all bananas. Standard constructions may be exchanged for full credit toward AgPur Speaker Cables within one year! Custom lengths and terminations are not returnable.'
  -
    type: paragraph
    content:
      -
        type: text
        text: 'We reserve the right to make minor cosmetic and aesthetic changes on the fly without notice. However, any technological changes will always be announced. Enjoy the music!'
  -
    type: paragraph
    content:
      -
        type: text
        text: 'Dealer enquiries welcome.'
interconnects_blurb: 'ArgentPur offers three tiers of Interconnects, available both single ended (RCA) and balanced (XLR).'
speaker_cables_blurb: "ArgentPur Speaker Cables are available in 5 sizes according to current capacity. Choose among the gauges to match your loudspeakers' sensitivity and length requirements."
---

Commit message:

updated pics with Ernies' blessing

content/collections/pages/home.md, after:

---
id: home
blueprint: pages
title: Home
template: home
history_of_agpur:
  -
    type: paragraph
    content:
      -
        type: text
        text: 'ArgentPur started as a minimalist assault on the requirements of audio signal transmission.'
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: text
        text: 'Pure silver (Ag) has a 106% conductivity compared to the maximum theoretical transmission of copper at a technically defined 100%. So even umpteen-nines Cu can''t remotely approach pure silver. The market is flooded with silver plated copper conductors. To many, these have compromised qualities that limit top octave clarity, coherence, and may lead some to describe them as "bright," "etched," or having "glare". Pure silver has no such compromises, and indeed has NO SOUND of its own.'
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: text
        text: 'In order of preference, the available media for the Ag conductors to rest within are: a vacuum (rather impractical), air, and then the low dielectric effect insulative barriers when necessary. The best of these are arguably the fluorocarbons.'
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: text
        text: "To minimize dielectric effect further, each individual\_ Ag strand used in ArgentPur is manually threaded through its own fluorocarbon tube that is 5-10x larger so that contact between the Ag conductor strand and its protective carrier is dramatically reduced by this roomy air space. Capacitance and inductance are thus minimized, with the benefit of no \"signal-hopping\" destructive interference across the frequency spectra. (See Core Technologies below.)"
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: text
        text: 'Premium low-mass, silver-plated tellurium-infused non-metallic RCAs are used for the single-ended designs. WBT0152AG locking RCAs are available for Pro or studio use at no extra cost.'
  -
    type: paragraph
    content:
      -
        type: text
        text: "\_A wonderful Ag/Teflon XLR is used for the balanced designs. Neutrik silver-plated locking connectors are also available for Pro or studio use, again, at no extra cost."
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: text
        text: 'Speaker cables are terminated in very burly Ag-plated spades and Ag-plated banana plugs for complete continuity of Ag conductivity.'
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: text
        text: 'NO lower-conductivity rhodium, gold, nickel, nor copper surfaces are in the signal paths! Only 105.9995% transmission pure Ag!'
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: text
        text: 'NO other hefty cheap "fillers" like PE or PVC are used to add unnecessary weight nor girth in marketing ruses to enhance gravitas. Pure Ag cascading through air-filled Teflon to Ag-tipped connectors!'
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: text
        text: 'NO performance claims are made differentiating among the AgPur Speaker Cable iterations, as load sensitivity and length requirements should guide Ag AWG mass selection among the four models. How refreshing!'
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: hard_break
      -
        type: text
        text: "NO CABLE! The sound and raison d'etre for ArgentPur!"
updated_by: 63f13f7c-2a11-499f-b033-ad0f353c2031
updated_at: 1677790879
hero_image: hero.png
pricing_header: 'Custom Orders, Returns, Demo Policy'
returns_policy:
  -
    type: paragraph
    content:
      -
        type: text
        text: 'Standard ArgentPur constructions for Speaker Cables are 2.5M length, terminated with premium bananas AND spades. Standard Interconnects are 1M length.'
  -
    type: paragraph
    content:
      -
        type: text
        text: 'These standard constructions may be returned within a 30 day demo period for full refund less shipping costs.'
  -
    type: paragraph
    content:
      -
        type: text
        text: "All orders for other lengths or non-standard terminations (all bananas or all spades, or others' connectors, for example), are considered custom-made orders, so are not refundable."
  -
    type: paragraph
    content:
      -
        type: text
        text: 'Speaker Cables returned for exchanging terminations after delivery will incur a modest charge for new connectors and remanufacturing labor.'
  -
    type: paragraph
    content:
      -
        type: text
        text: 'AgPur Flyovers are also 2.5M standard length, but terminated with all bananas. Standard constructions may be exchanged for full credit toward AgPur Speaker Cables within one year! Custom lengths and terminations are not returnable.'
  -
    type: paragraph
    content:
      -
        type: text
        text: 'We reserve the right to make minor cosmetic and aesthetic changes on the fly without notice. However, any technological changes will always be announced. Enjoy the music!'
  -
    type: paragraph
    content:
      -
        type: text
        text: 'Dealer enquiries welcome.'
interconnects_blurb: 'ArgentPur offers three tiers of Interconnects, available both single ended (RCA) and balanced (XLR).'
speaker_cables_blurb: "ArgentPur Speaker Cables are available in 5 sizes according to current capacity. Choose among the gauges to match your loudspeakers' sensitivity and length requirements."
power_cables_blurb: 'Power Cables consist of matrices of twisted pairs of solid pure Ag strands individually threaded through their own air-cushioned fluorocarbon tubes... just as all AgPur products. Stock sizes are 1.5M, terminated with Viborg 503S Ag plug. Experience suggests that an all-AgPur power cord family preserves utmost transparency.'
---
